https://redgreenrefactor.dev/rss.xml redgreenrefactor
https://redgreenrefactor.dev/clojure.xml redgreenrefactor
https://blog.cleancoder.com/atom.xml people
https://feed.jacobobryant.com/ people
https://css-tricks.com/feed/ webdev
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/feed webdev
https://alligator.io/feed.xml webdev
https://scotch.io/feed webdev
https://overreacted.io/rss.xml webdev
https://kentcdodds.com/blog/rss.xml webdev
https://www.sarasoueidan.com/blog/index.xml webdev
https://indepth.dev/rss webdev
https://jrsinclair.com/index.rss webdev
https://spreadprivacy.com/rss
https://blog.angular.io/feed webdev
https://reactjs.org/feed.xml webdev
https://jacobobryant.com/feed.xml people
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss people
https://essays.findka.com/api/feed/3efe31c0-16f0-4890-a175-170861b1fd30
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml
http://tonsky.me/blog/atom.xml clojure
https://cprss.s3.amazonaws.com/javascriptweekly.com.xml webdev
https://hnrss.org/bestcomments hackernews
https://hnrss.org/frontpage hackernews
https://tldr.tech/rss
https://cprss.s3.amazonaws.com/nodeweekly.com.xml webdev
https://cprss.s3.amazonaws.com/react.statuscode.com.xml webdev
https://whatthefork.is/feed.xml webdev
https://purelyfunctional.tv/feed/normal-feed clojure
https://stuartsierra.com/feed clojure
http://gigasquidsoftware.com/atom.xml clojure
https://juxt.pro/blog/rss.xml clojure
https://dragan.rocks/feed clojure
http://planet.clojure.in/atom.xml clojure
https://blog.rust-lang.org/feed.xml rust
